# IT3232E-Commerce

This repository contains practical sessions for the course module IT3232 E-Commerce.

## Practical Sessions

### [Day 01 - Java Programming Exercises](Day01/README.md)
Contains a series of Java programming exercises covering various programming concepts including:
- Basic Java syntax
- Control structures
- Object-Oriented Programming
- Data structures
- Class design and implementation

### [MISC - Initiating a Spring Boot project](SpringBootApp/README.md)
- Setting Up a Spring boot project

### [Day 02 - Routes, Outputing Data and Basics of SpringBoot](Day02/README.md)
Contains a spring boot project based route configurarions and some functions to execute when routes were visited.
 - Display Different Content based on Route
 - Using Imports like RestController, RequestMapping, etc.
 - Basics of Spring Boot

### [Day 03 - Path Variables, Models and Data handling](Day03/README.md)
contains excercises completed during Day 03.
 - Use path variables to send data.
 - Create a Student model and make proper constructors, getters and setters.
 - Create CRUD operations for the Students model.

### [Day 04 - GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE Requests](Day04/README.md)
contains excercises completed during Day 04.
 - Proper use of Different HTTP Methods.
 - Create a Course model and make proper constructors, getters and setters.
 - Create CRUD operations for the Course model.

### [Day 05 - Use of Generics](Day05/README.md)
contains excercises completed during Day 05.
 - Use generics to create a CRUD operation for all models.
 - Use the generic created in Student and Course controllers..
 - Create a new Instructor model and controller using generics.

### [Day 06 - Connecting to Database](Day06/README.md)
contains excercises completed during Day 06.
 - Create new App with mySQL Driver and Spring Data JPA dependencies.
 - Populate application.properties with the database credentials.
 - Create Department, Employee, Project, and Insurance tables.
 - Add the proper relationships between the tables.
 - Run the project and observe the tables in the database.

### [Day 07 - Parent class and JoinTable annotation](Day07/README.md)
This directory contains excercises completed during Day 07. It is a continueation of Day06 excercises.
 - Create a person class and extend the Employee model.
 - Use JoinTable annotation to configure the table generated by the ManyToMany relationship between Project and Employee models.

## Repository Structure
```
.
├── AppwithDB/
├── Day01/
├── Day02/
├── Day03/
├── Day04/
├── Day05/
├── Day06/
├── IT3232Practicals.postman_collection.json/
├── API.md/
└── README.md
```

## Getting Started
Each practical session is organized in its own directory with detailed instructions in the respective README files.

## API Documentation
[Api Documentation](API.md)
[if you fancy a postman collection](IT3232Practicals.postman_collection.json)
